Update gold docs to reflect cross-site cookie reality (#10459)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/advertising/ad-blocking.rst

Going ad-free
-------------

`Gold members <https://readthedocs.org/accounts/gold/>`_
may completely remove advertising for all visitors to their projects.
Thank you for supporting Read the Docs.

Previously, being either a Gold member or
`Supporter <https://readthedocs.org/sustainability/#donations>`_
meant that a user got an ad-free experience while logged-in.
While we didn't remove this capability, the cross-site cookies needed

> to make that work are no longer well supported by major browsers outside of Chrome.

Reviewer: I like this paragraph 👍🏼 . Maybe it makes sense to be a `.. note::`? 🤔

> Previously, being either a Gold member or
> `Supporter <https://readthedocs.org/sustainability/#donations>`_
> meant that a user got an ad-free experience while logged-in.
> While we didn't remove this capability, the cross-site cookies needed
> to make that work are no longer well supported by major browsers outside of Chrome.

Reviewer 2: Good idea to make it a note :+1: 

```suggestion
.. note::

   Previously, being either a Gold member or
   `Supporter <https://readthedocs.org/sustainability/#donations>`_
   provided the user with an ad-free reading experience across all projects on Read the Docs while logged-in.
   However, the cross-site cookies needed to make that work are no longer supported by major browsers outside of Chrome,
   and this feature will soon disappear entirely.
```

Author: I had it as a note but then switched it, but I don't feel strongly. Happy to merge this suggestion.
